[MediaVision][TCSACR-504] Add new dotnet guide for DeepLearningFaceRecognizer (#1762)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/multimedia/face-recognition.md

# Deep Learning Based Face Recognition

Using deep learning based face recognition, you can perceive and understand faces within your application. This document is a guide on how to register a new face, unregister a face that is registered with a given label, and recognize a given face.

## Prerequisites

> To enable your application for using the deep learning based face recognition functionality, create `DeepLearningFaceREcognizer` instance.

Reviewer: I think there has been a spelling mistake here. Also, it would be better if the DeepLearningFaceRecognizer class was linked (https://docs1.stg.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Vision.DeepLearningFaceRecognizer.html) instead of placing it in a code tag.

```suggestion
To enable your application for using the deep learning based face recognition functionality, create `DeepLearningFaceRecognizer` instance.
```

> To enable your application for using the deep learning based face recognition functionality, create `DeepLearningFaceRecognizer` instance.

Reviewer: This should be linked here (https://docs1.stg.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Vision.DeepLearningFaceRecognizer.html)

```csharp
var deepLearningFaceRecognizer = new DeepLearningFaceRecognizer();
```

## Register a new face
To register a new face image with a given label, follow these steps:

> 1. Prepare an input source to register. In this example, we use `ImageUtil` APIs to get image buffer.

Reviewer: The ImageUtil class should be linked here (https://docs1.stg.tizen.org/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.Multimedia.Util.ImageUtil.html)

> 1. Prepare an input source to register. In this example, we use `ImageUtil` APIs to get image buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare an input source to register. In this example, we use `ImageUtil` APIs to get the image buffer.
```

   ```csharp
    MediaVisionSource inputSource = null;

    using (JpegDecoder jpegDecoder = new JpegDecoder())
    {
        jpegDecoder.SetColorSpace(ColorSpace.Rgb888);

        var frame = (await jpegDecoder.DecodeAsync("path")).FirstOrDefault();

        inputSource = new MediaVisionSource(frame.Buffer, (uint)frame.Size.Width, (uint)frame.Size.Height, ColorSpace.Rgb888);
    }
    ```

    > [!NOTE]
    > The input source for `DeepLearningFaceREcognizer` should be RGB data.

> 2. Register a new faces, which is a process that the face recognition framework tains and generates an internal model file with the given face data and its label. You could repeat this step to train the internal model file with more faces. For best accuracy, we recommend training at least three images per face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Now you can register a new face. This is a process where the face recognition framework trains and generates an internal model file with the given face data and its label. You could repeat this step to train the internal model file with more faces. For best accuracy, we recommend training at least three images per face.
```

    ```csharp
    deepLearningFaceRecognizer.RegisterFace(inputSource, "FaceName1");
    inputSource.Dispose();
    ```

>     You can unregister face from `DeepLearningFaceREcognizer` internal model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can unregister the face from `DeepLearningFaceRecognizer` internal model.
```

    ```csharp
    deepLearningFaceRecognizer.UnregisterFace("FaceName1");
    ```

## Recognize face
To recognize a given face image, follow these steps:

> 1. Prepare an target image source. In this example, we use `ImageUtil` APIs to get image buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare a target image source. In this example, we use `ImageUtil` APIs to get the image buffer.
```
